The True method of Meditation ( Discussion on the role of Intents in Karma ) - Second Edition

Rajat Kalia

Now that we know , that all of God, Bhagwan ( with Rabb ) and Allah are in reality the outer boundary of Sun, we need to know how karma is calculated. It is clear that Intents play a great role in our karma, as to how clearly we justify between right and wrong. Every person has an inbuilt connection to god to distinguish between a good deed and a bad deed. I would like to further enforce this bare truth that Good karma is calculated not on what you do but with what intentions you are doing it. So, say if a barber is shaving the heads of people say some brahmin, it doesn't mean that he is killing his father but it means he is doing his job to earn bread if the intentions are right. I would like to further elaborate with examples.

1. Intentions can be in percentage, accurately known to last but one bit decimal calculated upto infinity places, last bit left for everybody/everyone/all as unclaimed as calculating it can cause extreme calculation error. Anyways this is my calculation of the design of the world i understand, it might not be true as to what God actually does but i think God does it that way. Sham Giri says that the last bit is calculated on the basis of previous residual karma. He further says he takes bhaang and has been accustomed to taking it since childhood. 

2. In old panchtantra stories we read stories like, a thief tried to hid himself in a sadhu's home when he was teaching students, now sadhu doesn't disclose to the people who were after that person that he is inside and saves his life. The story ends here as per panchtantra. But then as per my calculations that person/guy might be running after killing/rape/stealing and might be a sought out offender as per law and God also, but it depends on that Sadhu's judgement whether he did a good job in saving that person/guy. If he coudn't judge properly, it's an error as per me, however if he could properly figure out the person's present state , in that case he is right if the person was not an offender but was falsely projected. A further example is turning of the lights and water etc. Now to an unintentive person it might seem that electricity/water is saved on turning of the switch or tap. But to other like me it might appear the opposite, here the flow of electrons and water particles is being stopped and if they are just traffic zombie persons in reality trapped somewhere and you further stop their flow, it's an error as per me. Further I see that my breathing starts getting affected when I turn off the fan to leave a place. If my body controls are right, the people in that electric channel are getting suffocated due to my turning off the fan at wrong time due to which my breating is stopping. Man( innner ) plays an effective role in this regard that he tells when it has to be stopped/run . Duggal( in his ManyaRanjan birth ) and eggs force me to stop/turn on these channels at wrong time and they caused me serious problems. Now they don't have enough brains to determine the difference here as it is a technical/spiritual efficacy based question , but then they are wrong here. You see inside the water and electricity we see, it's just zombie traffic trapped inside. You do it wrongly you trouble them. Duggal and eggs drink too and then they start commanding, that's another point. 

3. Further I don't like drinking milk, I don't know when it became so undervalued a thing that I am being drenched in Milk. Why not give it to small kids or the poor? The intentions are clearly wrong here. Camel's milk besides what I can say female donkey and pig, unmatched varieties of milk they had. Camel's milk case they were all united and wanted to go wrong under any circumstances. Full drenching was in small cow's milk i think and it had malai too. It can be clearly noted that on one side you are taking a person to kill him and giving enough beating in periods and then you say that drink milk , it's healthy and will do you good. What will drenching in milk do good of a terminal case?

4. Further India is a place where safai karamchari's are a major fraction of govt. jobs but then toilets are unclean and later even closed down . Believe me Shiv will never say close down potholes, if he is saying so, he is not real Shiv. In Duggal's function one guy who was claiming to be pandit was giving lecture that potholes are a problem. It seems saare bewde ek jagah ikatthe ho gaye hon. Tu tatti nahi karta iska matlab kya koi bhi tatti nahi karta?? Clearly the intentions are wrong. 

"First Edition"

It starts with the very first mantra, 
Ik Onkar Satnaam karta purakh nirbhau nirvair akal murat ajuni saibham gurparsad. 
It's also known as the mool mantar and is never found to fail.  It's for the nirgun roop of GOD.
{ Their are claims by people saying that Sat naam is different from Satnam and Akaal is different from Akal , so we have written this verse keeping their theory too and in place not disturbing the original verse. However there is possibility that these claims are mere spoilers. The user is suggested own descretion. }
Then their is the ram naam , ram is one of the many sagun roops of god.
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram

The muslim verse namaz is being given here, 
Alhamdullilaha-e-Rabbil Almin ur Rehman nir Rahim, Maliki Ummadin, e-aagan aabdu, waiya Kanasteen, ehi dins siratal Mustakin. Siratal Al-Azeena An amtalahim Gayaril Magdubi Alaheem, waladua layeen. Aamin.
No mention of a Christian verse. But then the whole of English based education is the gift of the west. It's the scientific approach. However I do give a verse which is not even a verse but a rule. It is
God is One.
Apart from these three verses there is another method , in it you need to tighten your body and once completely tightened , you are set in meditation. It's exactly opposite of the other form which animals do while dying in which body is completely relaxed and let die to ease out the painful process of death. So eveverybody knows meditation in some form or the other , what matters is you should know which method is the most benificial at a particular instant. For this method , the body is the mandir and you need to take proper care of it, is being said. 
These methods end here. Other second line methods like spirtual text reading or tirtiary methods like yoga ,  or mantra training from a trained guru are useful if the primary methods are not working. Some people say that tantric methods and mantras are also useful if these methods don't work. However I don't recommend them. Some short spiritual texts contain a prayer stanza in the beginning and a pungent tantric mantra in the end of the text and have become the custom these days. The last tantric mantra is for the training guru and the opeing stanza is a short prayer of the devta whom one is worshiping. 

Psychotropic drugs like Risnia can offer you a lifetime of tough medtiation but should be avoided as far as possible unless your parents suggest it be taken. Reason being they reduce the sexual power to a large extent while the main benifit of traditional meditation is increase in sexual power. 
Ability to fly and Darshans of God are few benifits of meditation.
Feminine meditation can be slightly different, one of the prominent mantra being the Gayatri Mantra. I am not aware of the difference in this regards but my female family members guide that this mantra is useful for them although it didn't work for me.
Oum bhoor bhuwah swaha, tat savitur vareniyam, brago devasya dhimahi, dhiyo yonaam prachodaya, swaha.
{ However their are further ambiguity claims in the word Savitur and some claim it's sat vitur. }



    