The True method of Meditation - First Edition
Rajat Kalia and Gouri Kumari
August 28, 2018

It starts with the very first mantra, 
Ik Onkar Satnaam karta purakh nirbhau nirvair akal murat ajuni saibham gurparsad. 
It's also known as the mool mantar and is never found to fail.  It's for the nirgun roop of GOD.
{ Their are claims by people saying that Sat naam is different from Satnam and Akaal is different from Akal , so we have written this verse keeping their theory too and in place not disturbing the original verse. However there is possibility that these claims are mere spoilers. The user is suggested own descretion. }
Then their is the ram naam , ram is one of the many sagun roops of god.
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram
Sri ram jai ram jai siaram

The muslim verse namaz is being given here, 
Alhamdullilaha-e-Rabbil Almin ur Rehman nir Rahim, Maliki Ummadin, e-aagan aabdu, waiya Kanasteen, ehi dins siratal Mustakin. Siratal Al-Azeena An amtalahim Gayaril Magdubi Alaheem, waladua layeen. Aamin.
No mention of a Christian verse. But then the whole of English based education is the gift of the west. It's the scientific approach. However I do give a verse which is not even a verse but a rule. It is
God is One.
Apart from these three verses there is another method , in it you need to tighten your body and once completely tightened , you are set in meditation. It's exactly opposite of the other form which animals do while dying in which body is completely relaxed and let die to ease out the painful process of death. So eveverybody knows meditation in some form or the other , what matters is you should know which method is the most benificial at a particular instant. For this method , the body is the mandir and you need to take proper care of it, is being said. 
These methods end here. Other second line methods like spirtual text reading or tirtiary methods like yoga ,  or mantra training from a trained guru are useful if the primary methods are not working. Some people say that tantric methods and mantras are also useful if these methods don't work. However I don't recommend them. Some short spiritual texts contain a prayer stanza in the beginning and a pungent tantric mantra in the end of the text and have become the custom these days. The last tantric mantra is for the training guru and the opeing stanza is a short prayer of the devta whom one is worshiping. 

Psychotropic drugs like Risnia can offer you a lifetime of tough medtiation but should be avoided as far as possible unless your parents suggest it be taken. Reason being they reduce the sexual power to a large extent while the main benifit of traditional meditation is increase in sexual power. 
Ability to fly and Darshans of God are few benifits of meditation.
Feminine meditation can be slightly different, one of the prominent mantra being the Gayatri Mantra. I am not aware of the difference in this regards but my female family members guide that this mantra is useful for them although it didn't work for me.
Oum bhoor bhuwah swaha, tat savitur vareniyam, brago devasya dhimahi, dhiyo yonaam prachodaya, swaha.
{ However their are further ambiguity claims in the word Savitur and some claim it's sat vitur. }


